#!bin/bash

#(come to the lake) - move to Lake Directory

echo "Following the route. You come across a calm body of water. This appears to a surrounding tree landscape with no movement."
echo "You feel eerily calm, but are in no rush to leave."
echo "You scout out a dark deeper part of the lake to your left, an arch way looming directly infront of you and across the lake leading to a lush green garden, and to your right lies an eery unmarked path with dark vines and dead looking trees."
echo "Before deciding whether to continue on with any of these paths, you spot a bubbling mark appear on the otherwise smooth lake surface."
echo "You move closer to get a clearer view of the movement, as a head begins to slowly rises. A woman emerges."
tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake: "; tput srg0; echo "Hello traveler. You must be unaware of what is happening."

while [[ $REPLY != 0 ]]; do
cat <<EOF
        1. Who are you?
        2. Someone called out to me with this amulet.
EOF
    read -p "" selection4
          case $selection4 in
          1)
              echo "I am the Lady of this Lake. I come from this fair land of Avalon, a community laying below this reservoir."
              ;;
          2)
              echo "You take the necklace off and show her. She briefly grabs onto it and studies it's design intently. She then proceeds to hand it back."
              ;;
esac

tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake"; tput srg0; echo "That amulet is not mine, but I know of the being to whom it belongs."
echo "The Lady turns toward the deeper lake, directing you to see the deeper part of the lake."
tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake: "; tput srg0; echo "Follow this path. There is an item you will need. It is most important for your travels."
echo "She turns to you."
tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake: "; tput srg0; echo "Travel quietly. Don't be fooled by the beings who are there, they only have your worst interests in mind."
echo "Once you get this item, come back here and head through the archway. You shall soon meet the being who speaks trough your amulet."
echo "She proceeds to turn around, walking gracefully into the water to see ripples dissipate."
