Barn Area - move to Barn Directory

(inside barn) - action to go inside barn

read -p "You slowly approach the barn. Seeing the doors wide open, you enter to see an open area with vacant stables and hay bales sprawled out. Nobody is around, but you see something poking out behind a few bales of hay. Do you look inside or head back outside?[inside or outside]: " selection2
    case $selection2 in
    inside)
          echo "Digging through the hay bales, you push them apart to uncover a sealed chest. This chest shows to have an engraved lock of a skull. You take note of this as you decide to leave the barn, finding nothing else notable."
          ;;
    outside)
          echo "You choose to note mess with the thing inside, as it could be potentially dangerous. You then leave the barn."
          ;;
esac

(exiting barn) - action to go outside of barn

read -p "As you open the door, you see multiple tiny creatures running off in a frantic mean. You notice that they are carrying something large with them from the way you came from. You do note a path to the forking to the left towards a giant open lake. Do you follow them down the unknown path?[yes or no]: " selection3
    case $selection3 in
    yes) 
          echo "Deciding to follow them from behind, you come across a large church in the distance. This rustic structure looks to be warn down. You do see the creatures heading inside, as the last one looks back before closing the door with a slam. You take note of its demonic look."
          echo "You approach the doors to which the little creatures entered. You try pulling them open, but do not budge. You then stop and hear laughter coming from inside. You try looking around the building, but find trees and fauna blocking their paths. You turn around and leave, heading back to the path towards the lake."
          ;;
    no) 
          echo "You choose to not take part with these creatures, seeing as their path may be a trap of intrigue. You look at the other path and procceed on."
          ;;
esac
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(come to the lake) - move to Lake Directory

echo "Following the route. You come across a calm body of water. This appears to a surrounding tree landscape with no movement. You feel eerily calm, but are in no rush to leave. You scout out a dark deeper part of the lake to your left, an arch way looming directly infront of you and across the lake leading to a lush green garden, and to your right lies an eery unmarked path with dark vines and dead looking trees."
echo "Before deciding whether to continue on with any of these paths, you spot a bubbling mark appear on the otherwise smooth lake surface. You move closer to get a clearer view of the movement, as a head begins to slowly rises. A woman emerges."
tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake: "; tput srg0; echo "Hello traveler. You must be unaware of what is happening."

while [[ $REPLY != 0 ]]; do
cat <<EOF
        1. Who are you?
        2. Someone called out to me with this amulet.
EOF
    read -p "" selection4
          case $selection4 in
          1)
              echo "I am the Lady of this Lake. I come from this fair land of Avalon, a community laying below this reservoir."
              ;;
          2)
              echo "You take the necklace off and show her. She briefly grabs onto it and studies it's design intently. She then proceeds to hand it back."
              ;;
esac

tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake"; tput srg0; echo "That amulet is not mine, but I know of the being to whom it belongs."
echo "The Lady turns toward the deeper lake, directing you to see the deeper part of the lake."
tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake: "; tput srg0; echo "Follow this path. There is an item you will need. It is most important for your travels."
echo "She turns to you."
tput bold; echo "Lady of the Lake: "; tput srg0; echo "Travel quietly. Don't be fooled by the beings who are there, they only have your worst interests in mind. Once you get this item, come back here and head through the archway. You shall soon meet the being who speaks trough your amulet."
echo "She proceeds to turn around, walking gracefully into the water to see ripples dissipate."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Option 1 (Deep Lake) - move to Deep Lake Directory

echo "You "You proceed leftward as the lady directed. Following closely along the edge of the lake to a more dark blue area with a huge waterfall. There lay in the center of the lake a massive stone outcropping with a rod pointed out of it. You carefully navigate towards it, without falling in to the surrounding water. Climbing up the mound, you notice a voice singing to you." 
read -p "What do you do?[continue or notice]: " selection5
        case $selection5 in
        continue)
              echo "You proceed on the long climb to the top, keeping your determination. You see a sword upon the rock plunged bladefirst into the stone. You try to pull it out, at which point to your surprise it slips free easily, in contrast with the unyielding and seemingly unmovable stone. When released. The singing halts to a stop. You turn towards the direction of where the singing originated, noting a fish-like woman's head staring at you. She then dives underneath the water as you look on in confusion. You turn towards the now free sword and read the word 'Excalibur' engraved on it's side. You head down the mound and travel back to the original part of the lake."
              ;;
        notice)
              echo "You turn to see a fish-like human being, staring at you. You feel the urgue to head towards her. But as soon as you take one step down towards her, a hand grabs your ankle as a terrifying hiss comes from below. Startled, you look down to see the menacing physique of a similar creature with a firm grasp on your foot, hissing and preparing to rip your foot apart with it's razor sharp teeth. You manage the strength to yank your foot away and glance quickly around to see multiple mermaids coming towards you. You quickly climb the mound to get higher ground, seeing the sword in a stone. You scramble towards the stone and immediately try pulling it out, upon which the sword slides out smoothly. The creatures all hiss at you as you aim it in their directions, drawing you into a battle against three different sirens.
              tput bold; echo "This part is not implemented yet. The final product will show a system of confrontation."; tput sgr0;
              echo "They all leave in fear as you stand there in suprise of your successful vanquish. You look at the sword and see the engraving on the side 'Excalibur'. You quickly hop down the mound and sprint back to the lake."
              ;;
esac
-------------
#Option 2 (Garden) - move to Garden Directory

echo "You head to the entrance of a garden, seeing many lush plants and bushes laying about with another crossroads. Directly in the center, you see a statue of a half-horse half-human creature. You approach it, noticing a bird sitting ontop of it. However, this bird appears to be glowing with a fire hue. As you move towards the bird, it flies towards the right path."
read -p "Which path do you go?[left or right]: " selectionA
      case $selectionA in
      left)
            echo "You choose to run after it, following the right path."
            ;;
      right)
            echo "As you look to start heading down the left path, the amulet speaks to you."
            tput bold; echo "Mysterious Voice: "; tput srg0; echo "Do not head here yet, you need to follow the phoenix."
            echo "As you listen to the words of the unknown voice, you proceed right onwards to where the phoenix is going."
            ;;
esac
---------------------------------------------------
Merlin Tower(goes to tower after garden) - move to Tower Directory/continue from tower directory in Option Uno 

echo "Travelling around some bends by trees and curvy path structure, you come across a giant tower. You notice the phoenix fly high to a balcony, landing for a second on a railing looking at a figure inside. You see the bird take off and fly towards the entrance on the ground, as the door slowly opens."
echo "You approach the open door and see a man emerge. He appears to be of older age, wearing a matching gown and pointed had. You stop as he slowly waddles to you."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "I was the one talking to you through the talisman you are wearing. My name is Merlin. I am a protector of these lands against evil. This is my companion. I had him lead you here to me to ask you, $name, for help."

while [[ $REPLY != 0 ]]; do
cat <<EOF
        1. Why do you need me to help you?
        2. What do you need me to do?
EOF
    read -p "" selection6
        case $selection6 in
        1)
            echo "Cornwall is in dismay. Legend has it that an adventurer of unknown origins will come to slay the beast glooming over the land. I believe that hero is you."
            ;;
        2)
            echo "I need you to go on a fetch quest. The basilisk is a prickly fellow. His gaze is a deadly weapon. One glance and your done for. I can make invulnerable if you can get the basil herb. There is a chest-locked away with this herb. However, there is a key you need for it. It should just be down towards cemetery along the path at the garden you did not take."
            ;;
esac
-----------------------------------------------------
(To the cemetery) - move to Cemetery Directory

echo "You soon enter the cemetery and see tombstones. You look around and see another similar statue to the human-horse in the garden. This one seems to resemble the Lady of the Lake, with her hand reaching out. In her hand, she has hold of a key mentioned by Merlin. You move towards it, but stop when the ground begins to shake. You see hands popping out from some of the graves. You begin to see skeletons climbing out and moving towards the statue, as if they are trying to protect it. You rush into they surrounding group, hoping to push past them. However, they are able to force you off and throw you to the ground. You turn around and leave, hoping to ask Merlin for help."  
--------------------------------------------------------
(head back to tower) - move back to Tower Directory 

echo "You approach Merlin and tell him of the undead."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "Skeletons blocking your path? The basilisk must have sent these troops to prevent you from continuing on."
echo "Merlin looks toward his phoenix and whispers something in another language to him. He then flies off and merlin turns back."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "I am sending him off to the centaur statue. Go back to it, it should aid you with them."
-----------------------------------------------------
(enter garden) - move to Garden Directory

echo "You enter the garden, seeing the phoenix sitting again on the statue. As you move closer, you see the phoenix peck the the of the statue's head. It starts to to beckon and move. It becomes aware of its surroundings and looks directly at you. He then speaks."
tput bold; echo "Centaur: "; tput srg0; echo "Take me to them."
echo "The centaur statue hops down from the pedastal it was standing on. It has now joined your party."
----------------------------------
(re enter cemetery) - move to Cemetery Directory

echo "You re-enter the cemetery to still see the skeletons surrounding the statue, but they immediately draw fear from the centuar. The phoenix stays close to you as the centaur prepares to charge them. The skeletons all run amok, allowing you to go to the angel statue. You go close to it and reach out your hand to grab the key. You proceed to hold the key in your hand, when a skeleton grabs the end. You both pull back and forth between who has it, proceeding in a duel."
tput bold; echo "This part is not implemented yet. The final product will show a system of confrontation."; tput sgr0;
"The skeleton uses its last strength to get a hold of it, but gets rammed by the centaur statue. This causes the skeleton to explode bones everywhere and the key to fly in the air. The phoenix flies towards it and grabs hold of the key, flying down to you and dropping it into your hand. As the centaur is continuing with the other skeletons in the cemetery, you and the phoenix proceed to head back out."
-------------------------------------
(Arriving at barn) - move to Barn Directory 

echo "You come across the chest sitting in the corner of the barn. With the skull engraving on the lock matching the skull-shape of the key, you go to unlock it. You open the lid and come across the herb Merlin asked for. You grab it and leave the barn."
-----------------------------------
(meet at tower) - Move to Tower Directory 

echo "You hand merlin the basil plant. He takes the basil, carefully tearing the leaves and letting them float on the ground. He throws the stem and grabs a unknown book from behind him."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "Take this, a Potion of Bezoar. This should help you when you face off. Just make sure to drink it beforehand."
echo "You obtained a potion!"
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "I can see that you have everything you need. Head to the bridge next to the lake. It should take you directly to the castle and face off with the credent."
-----------------------
(Arrive at spooky area) - move to Bridge Directory

echo "You travel to the dead part of the forest. You take some bends around to then come across a bridge over a gigantic moat. You look ahead to start walking over the dridge, when it begins to rise. You see a big reptilian creature looking directly at you as the bridge closes. You cannot cross over to the castle. You decide to head back and speak with Merlin again."
--------------------------------
(At Merlin Tower) - move to Tower Directory 

echo "You speak with Merlin and explain that the basilisk had risen the drawbridge."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "This is not good. He is growing thin. Go with him. There is a friend who can help you cross over the castle walls. She should be located in the cave I originally called to you at. The phoenix is now flying with you."
--------------------------------
(Entering Cave) - move to Cave Directory

echo "As you arrive in the cave to the crossroads, your amulet begins to glow as the phoenix decides to take off ahead and fly through the right path. This was the one you scurried back out of."
echo "Approaching the path, you come to notice that the screams you heard are now silent. You can make out the light of the phoenix in the distance, to where the big shadowy figure was. You slowly approach to realize that this being was mearly just a griffen. A mother griffen in fact, for which a gigantic nest lay under her. She seems to be caressing its empty bowl as the phoenix sits next to it, nodding to you to come closer. You move closer, slowly approaching as the mother bird glances at you and calls out."
echo "You slowly raise your hand, as the mother bird lowers her head. You move it over her head and carefully pat it, noticing the tears from her eyes. As you see the sad state the mother bird is in, the amulet springs from your chest and floats to your side facing the nest. It then turns to you."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "Poor innocent creature. Who would have done something like this."
echo "The amulet turns to see the skull on the ground. It then turns back to you."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "Those pesky imps. The basilisk must have sent them. I will send the phoenix off to scout for their wereabouts. Make your way back to me. I can give you a location as you travel."
echo "You slowly bring your hand back as the phoenix flys out of the cave. The griffen lays her head back down, sighing. You turn back and head to the cross roads and out of the cave."
-------------------------------------------------------------
(Arriving at Merlin Tower) - move to Tower Directory 

echo "Merlin comes close to you and tells you important information on the wereabouts."
tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput srg0; echo "We have identified the imps at location to church you passed by. They should be just inside that building. I understand that you are unable to enter, as they have blocked you off. The route to the left of me will lead you directly to the back entrance."
-------------------------------------------------------------
(Arriving at Church) - move to Church Directory 

echo "Merlin waves his hand and trees wiggle at a V shape. You move through and travel along until you come across an entrance into the back of the church. "You look ahead to see a giant interior of a rustic chapel, seeing a giant silhouette of the Lady from the Lake. Below, you see three imps crowding around the egg placed on the pulpit. You preceed to aim your sword and walk towards them. They get alarmed and engage into combat."
tput bold; echo "This part is not implemented yet. The final product will show a system of confrontation."; tput sgr0;
echo "The get scared and scurry away out the front door, leaving the egg alone. You proceed to grab the egg and quickly exit through the front door, holding your sword out to make sure no imps are hiding."
-----------------------------------
(In cave) - move to Cave Directory

echo "You go back inside the cave and travel to where the griffen is. When coming face to face with her, she notices the egg you are holding and proceeds to stand up. You then bring it to her nest and lay it down delicately. She then steps towards the egg and caresses it with delight. She turns to you and leans her head down, as you reach your hand out and pat. She now trusts you and will help you travel over the moat."

(At exit of cave) 

echo "The griffen prepares to fly you over the castle walls from the cave entrance. You hop on and she soars high into the sky."
echo "As you both fly through the over the moat, you notice the basilisk is inside a tower. You scout and see an open balcony, pointing the griffen to land there."
------------------------------------------
(Arriving Castle) - move to Castle Directory 

echo "You and the griffen land on the balcony. You hop off and send the griffen away from danger. You pull out the potion Merlin gave you and drink it. You then feel a rush of energy."

(move into castle room)

echo "You walk forward into a dimly lit cathedral. This massive enclosure high above the castle is spacious, lineing the walls with medieval apparel. You look around to see the embellishment and notice a path straight ahead leading to a shadowy figure positioned large with white eyes only vibrant."
echo "The eyes begin to engulf with a red hue, shining a beam directly towards you. The beam bounces off your body and hits a wall, dessipating as it comes into contact. The serpernt looks at the dissolve, turning back at you with anger. His rage shakes the ground as he travels towards you.
echo "You pull out Excalibur and raise it high, for which the basilisk immediately stops slithering and senses an embodiment of hatred. You see him full charge at you, engaging yourself into a final showdown."
tput bold; echo "This part is not implemented yet. The final product will show a system of confrontation."; tput sgr0;
echo "The snake readies his last move, wrapping his tail around you and lifting you upwards. You get whiplash, but immediately maintain you senses as you struggle to break free. The snake raises you towards his mouth, preparing to engulf you. You eventually break free, moving the sword outward to slice off its tail."
echo "The Basilisk screams in agony, dropping you to the ground as the sword leaves your hand. With a thud on the ground, the creature lunges at you with the strength it has left. You reach for the sword, grabbing it, and pointing it at the head of the creature. The beast lands straight through it, killing him instantly."
echo "With this, you realize that the creature has perished ontop of you. You move the beast aside and pull the sword out of its head. You look forward to see the amulet move outward and face you one final time."

(go back to balcony)

tput bold; echo "Merlin: "; tput sgr0; echo "Thank you for your saving Cornwall from the Basilisk. You have my deference, Arthur. The griffen is awaiting for you outside. He shall take you to the townspeople, who thank you for your efforts."
echo "You look as the amulet evaporates infront of you, vanishing into a particle of blue dust. You then head out onto the balcony, to which the griffen awaits. You climb ontop of the griffen, telling it to take you away. She soars into the sky, showing a beautiful view of the safer landscape."
echo "As you travel along, you are glad that you were able to do justice for all those living in the great land of Cornwall."
